[Never-Ending Summer]
[Episode 21]
Is it good?
I thought
I wouldn't be back in Pingchuan until the end of the year.
I didn't expect
To get Lan Yue's offer so soon.
Your project's become something
Of a gold standard in the industry.
I've even heard a lot about it in Pingchuan.
I guess Lan Yue's headquarters
Didn't want to miss out a talent like you.
Once I've settled in at Lan Yue,
If you ever need anything, just let me know.
Then I'd better work harder and catch up to you.
I don't want to give you
The chance to bail me out.
You've liked competing with me since we were kids.
Why are you still like this now?
You were always at the top of the class. I was right behind you.
If I wasn't trying to catch up with you, who else would I compete with?
Remember back in high school,
When you asked me what my dream was?
I said I wanted to make something of myself.
I remember.
That's when I told myself
That if I ever had the chance,
I'd bring you to a place like this
For dinner.
Now it's finally come true.
Back then, I never imagined I'd actually be able to.
Thanks to you, I finally did.
Is everyone doing okay?
Speaking of which,
Ms. Zhang passed away
From an illness recently.
Meng and I just attended her funeral.
I didn't even make it in time
To say goodbye to her.
Are you free tomorrow?
You're not even jet-lagged?
I know exactly what you're up to.
Sir,
When you handle these paintings,
Please be gentle.
Be careful.
Don't bump the corners.
These paintings are very expensive.
Be careful.
Go!
Don't run around here, okay?
Don't knock those paintings over.
Go play somewhere else.
Slow down, sir.
Take it slow.
How is it? Not bad, right?
All the furniture is exactly
Where it used to be.
It's basically the same as you left it.
I've had someone come in
To clean once a month.
But the floor...
The floor's just dirty
Because the movers tracked it in.
Come.
Take a look. Go inside.
The fish tank...
Where are my fish?
The fish tank
Was cleaned pretty well.
-Fish... -Where are my fish?
Fish...
They're... They're
At the sea and aquarium.
They're doing great.
Fish don't live as long as people do.
Well.
Eat less. It's bad for your health.
Got it.
Well...
Eddie's come up with
A few ideas for the exhibition.
I'll take you to see the venue tomorrow.
Okay?
I'll...
I'll go keep an eye on the paintings.
Let's go. They are so careless.
Hurry.
Wait.
Thanks.
It's rare
To hear "thanks" from you.
I'll go keep an eye on the paintings.
Sir, the corner...
You didn't sleep well again?
As for these plans,
They are just frameworks for now.
See if anything stands out to you.
If so,
Eddie's team will further develop them.
Get some sleep first.
We've still got a while before we get there.
We are going to Pingchuan Exhibition Center first.
I get
Why you wanted your first stop
To be in Pingchuan.
But let's agree on this.
After that, let's have the professionals
Evaluate the best locations for the rest of the tour, okay?
[Class 1, Grade 12]
[In Memory]
Didn't you hear the school bell?
Let me ask you all—
What's the most important thing
For you right now?
The college entrance exam!
The college entrance exam is indeed important.
But even more important is learning to be a person
Of integrity and self-discipline.
[In Memory]
It's been 10 years.
This place hasn't changed a bit.
Yeah. They replaced the desks and chairs
[In Memory]
And added some smartboards,
[In Memory of Our Beloved Teacher]
But other than that, it's pretty much the same.
Look, even the curtains
Are the same color.
[A Truly Wonderful Teacher] [You Will Always Be Remembered]
[In Memory of Our Beloved Teacher]
It seems a lot of people
[The Classroom Feels Empty Without You] [Rest in Peace, Dear Teacher]
Still miss Ms. Zhang.
[In Memory of Our Beloved Teacher]
Mr. Bow.
Zhou Wan?
So it's you.
To draw a mighty bow, full as the moon.
So "Wan" means to draw a bow?
Lu Xixiao,
Where are you
Right now?
Do you still hate me as much?
Zhou Wan.
The holiday just started.
There should still be quite a few teachers
Staying at school to wrap things up.
I want to go see them.
You go ahead.
I already saw them
At Ms. Zhang's funeral
Those two days.
That's fine.
It'd only be emotional seeing everyone again.
I'll just sit here for a bit.
I'll walk around later.
Let's meet up later.
Okay, see you later.
Stop the car! Stop the car!
Pull over. Hurry.
I already booked the convention center.
Where are you going?
Just passing by. Thought I'd take a look.
[Yangming High School]
We can't park here. Hurry up!
♪ Dim gray ♪
♪ Everything feels this way ♪
♪ Another deserted place ♪
♪ Swallowed by storm ♪
♪ Hold my breath ♪
♪ Run away from this mess ♪
♪ Look to the light instead ♪
♪ It's time to forget ♪
♪ Broken pieces of our memories ♪
♪ Stolen frozen ♪
♪ In the river ♪
♪ They're lost in a song ♪
♪ Taken from where they belong ♪
♪ Somewhere in this cold and bottomless pit ♪
♪ Something lingers ♪
♪ Hiding under a stitch ♪
♪ I thought I lost your remnant ♪
♪ But it's ♪
♪ Quiet as rain ♪
♪ Deep as the ocean ♪
♪ I feel it stir stir stir ♪
♪ I still remember ♪
♪ Shines like a star ♪
♪ Glows like an ember ♪
♪ Float like a curse curse curse ♪
♪ Hurts like a sunburn ♪
♪ Broken pieces of our memories ♪
♪ Stolen frozen ♪
♪ In the river ♪
♪ They're lost in a song ♪
♪ Taken from where they belong ♪
♪ Stranded in this cold and bottomless pit ♪
♪ Makes me quiver ♪
♪ Crimson spell of a witch ♪
♪ I thought I'm over your magic ♪
♪ But it's ♪
♪ Quiet as rain ♪
♪ Deep as the ocean ♪
♪ I feel it stir stir stir ♪
♪ I still remember ♪
♪ Shines like a star ♪
♪ Glows like an ember ♪
♪ Float like a curse curse curse ♪
♪ Hurts like a sunburn ♪
♪ Breaking me killing me ♪
♪ Burning me set me on fire ♪
♪ You stick like a shadow of mine ♪
Why are you here?
No one's in the office,
So I just wandered around.
I've actually never been here before.
It's quite unique.
Let's go.
-Let's go. -Let's go back.
Ms. Qilan.
The resort project was launched
[Lan Yue Group]
By the Chairman himself 20 years ago.
I secured the land
For Phase I,
And I've overseen
The entire development.
So I really don't understand
Why we suddenly need
This unnecessary
Internal pitch competition.
[Phase II Resort Project Leadership Selection Meeting]
Mr. Lu, you said it yourself.
Phase I was
20 years ago.
Times have changed,
And we can't keep
Clinging to the past.
Lan Yue has set up multiple subsidiaries
Over the years
And brought in a lot of new talent.
It's time to let fresh ideas
Come in.
Phase I resort alone
[Lan Yue Group]
Has accounted for over 30%
[Lan Yue Group Q3 Revenue Breakdown]
Of the company's profits over the years.
That alone proves how successful it is.
Are new ideas good?
Of course they are.
But handing a project of this scale
Over to subsidiaries
[Lan Yue Group Q3 Revenue Breakdown]
Is too risky.
All subsidiaries under Lan Yue
Will take part in an internal pitch.
The winning company
Will form the Phase II project team,
Which will be placed under the direct supervision
Of a headquarters-appointed project lead.
This way, we can bring in fresh ideas
While keeping risks under control.
Mr. Lu, the resort project
Has been in your hands
All these years.
It's time to give everyone here
A fair chance
To compete.
So after the competition,
How will the head
[Lan Yue Group Q3 Revenue Breakdown]
Of Phase II be decided?
By the Board of Directors, of course.
The full board will make the final decision.
I've been waiting 10 years for this cup of tea
From you, my boy.
If you didn't come back soon,
I'm afraid my old bones
Would be in the grave.
Don't fool me.
I asked around before I came back.
I heard you're in great shape
These days.
Who exactly told you that?
I take more pills in a day
Than I do meals.
Really?
Then I guess all those supplements
I brought you
Will just go to waste.
I'd better have someone take them back.
That won't do.
You can't take back what you gave.
Come, sit down.
How is it?
How long are you planning to stay
This time?
I'm here
For an exhibition,
So I'll probably stay a while.
You don't plan to return for good?
I really didn't expect
You'd end up choosing painting.
You asked me to study economics,
And I did, didn't I?
You studied it but won't come back to help the family business.
What's the point
Of that master's degree?
What's wrong with painting?
My paintbrush won't turn its back on me.
Alright, old man.
You were the one who told me
To choose for myself.
You can't go back on your word
Just because you're getting older.
Good thing I brought you
A painting.
If you don't want it, I'll have someone take it back...
Come back!
You brat.
Are you bullying me?
Are you?
You know I love you.
How could I?
Okay.
I'm just glad you're back.
Yes, Boss.
Okay.
Definitely.
We'll keep up the good work.
Take care.
Okay.
Back at Wantuo,
He was the one who filed a report to get you fired.
And now he's
Taken your report
And used it to claim credit.
Ms. Zhou Wan,
Stop being so easygoing about this.
I'll still get my overtime pay
And my bonus.
Getting angry at him
Is just wasting my time.
But given your abilities,
You should've been promoted a long time ago.
And knowing him,
There's no guarantee he'll even pass the bonus down to us.
Alright, everyone.
Next, I've got some good news
To announce.
The bonus for our Wantuo project
Has been issued.
Everyone gets a share!
[Applause]
[Cheering]
But,
Don't get
Too carried away.
Because
Next week,
The pitch for Phase II
Of the Lan Yue Resort Architect project
Is about to start.
[Phase II of Lan Yue Resort Architect project]
So the second piece of good news is—
[Concept Design and Architectural Proposal]
Starting today,
We're all working overtime.
I told you.
Hello. Who is it?
What's with the attitude?
Sorry, Auntie.
I didn't check the caller ID.
You ungrateful brat.
You come back and don't even bother to call me?
I knew you were busy.
I'm free tomorrow.
Let's grab a meal.
With the situation so tense,
You still have time to ask me out for a meal?
It's not that simple, is it?
Look at you.
You're not even in the country,
But you know everything.
Auntie,
I know that over these years,
It's only you and Grandpa who have always cared about me,
And I'm very grateful to you both.
But,
This Lan Yue matter—
I really
Don't want to get involved in it at all.
Maybe this way—
When I have time in the next couple of days,
If you really miss me,
I can come over
And we can have a meal together. Is that okay?
Okay.
Alright, alright. Our Xixiao has grown up—
Now you're already playing the "preemptive strike"
On me.
Since you've blocked everything
I was going to say,
I won't force it anymore.
Pick a day when you're free
And come have a meal
With your grandpa with me.
Okay.
Why is it you?
Don't you have a key?
Why did you ring the doorbell?
I rang it for ages but you didn't answer.
What are you doing here?
I'm here to coordinate all the arrangements
For the exhibition.
I'm planning to move in
And work alongside you.
Speak normally.
Fine.
I'm moving in to supervise you
So you can finish the paintings
You've been putting off.
Get out.
Don't, don't, don't.
To be honest,
My marriage is falling apart.
I have nowhere to go.
Really.
This time I'm serious.
Say it—welcome me.
Welcome.
I just want to know
What happened.
The problem is—
I still don't know why.
Bro,
You were together for 7 years
And have been married for 3.
And you still don't know why?
No cheating,
And no fighting.
I really don't know.
Nothing happened?
Yes.
No affection either?
And no love?
Nothing happened?
So you two are getting a divorce?
If it weren't for the cooling-off period,
I'd already be divorced today!
You brought it up?
Why?
I guess I'm tired.
Tired!
Is it because I didn't put the toilet seat down
After using the bathroom?
Or because I didn't hang up her laundry
After she washed it?
Or because when she called me
During a work meeting, I didn't answer her?
It can't be that.
Gu Meng's personality shouldn't
Make her upset over things like that.
Is it because it was her birthday
Recently,
And I was overseas
Helping you negotiate with collectors?
No, that doesn't fit either.
I bought her a birthday gift,
And I even made up for missing her birthday.
For my birthday,
I told him I wanted
A certain brand of scented candles.
And what did I get?
A fire extinguisher—
He said my temper is too hot
And I needed to be "put out."
He even said it was a custom-made scented candle.
I... I was giving him the silent treatment,
And practically suffocating from it.
He covered the room
With knockoff prints
He found online,
Saying we should play "spot the difference,"
Like nothing
Had ever happened.
Is he out of his mind?
He is out of his mind!
But it's also kind of his style.
Most people wouldn't even think of that.
I just feel...
I can ignore all of this.
But what I really want is—
When I need him the most,
The absolute most,
The person I care about
Can be right there with me.
Is that really such a difficult request?
No, it's not.
Not at all.
Maybe a little bit difficult.
Meng,
In this life,
We will meet a lot of people.
No one can guarantee that
The person beside you
Will always be the most important person in your life.
You'll meet a lot of
Other people in the future.
But if I say I get off work exhausted,
Or I have something happy
I want to share,
Or something sad I want to cry about—
He's never there.
He can't even
Understand what's bothering me.
He doesn't understand
That I need care.
I just don't know
What this person
Means to me.
Don't put up with it if you don't want to.
If it means nothing to you, let it go.
Cry if you want to. It's okay.
Wan,
Do you think
There's something wrong with me?
Back then,
My whole family didn't approve of me
Being with Jiang Fan—
He was
Such an unreliable man.
But now,
Everyone thinks
He's successful in his career,
That he's ambitious.
But why do I
Miss the version of him from before,
When his eyes were only on me?
Don't you two still
Have a marital apartment?
You mean that house?
She didn't want us
To use my parents' money to buy it.
We saved up for the down payment ourselves,
Planned to pay off the mortgage little by little,
And furnish it together over time.
And then what?
Later we both got busier and busier.
It's still empty
To this day.
Okay, you guys go ahead.
I'll be back in half an hour.
Okay?
What's wrong?
Why did you call me over in such a rush?
I'm setting up an exhibition there.
I've already signed it.
If you're okay with it,
Come with me
To the civil affairs bureau later.
[Divorce Agreement]
[Female: Gu Meng]
Seriously?
-I'm just busy these days. -I've already contacted a realtor.
The house has been listed.
The division of assets
Has already been written into the agreement.
Once the money comes in,
I'll transfer it to you immediately.
Are you serious, honey?
Take a look.
I'll wait for you outside.
That place isn't fit to live in,
And I can't go home either—
My parents can't find out about this.
So
Just take me in for a while,
Okay?
I promise I'll be a
Very good roommate.
Then you're in charge of
Feeding Xiaoliu while you're here.
No problem. Leave it all to me.
Okay.
Go easy on the drinks.
I'm walking him again today.
My place doesn't take in alcoholics.
I'm telling you...
Let's go, Xiaoliu.
As if you've ever gone a day without drinking.
Let's go.
The cooling-off period for divorce is one month.
Take this month
To think about what you want to do.
I won't care about you after a month.
It's all your fault.
I was fine, but you made me cry.
Okay, okay, it's my fault.
Meng.
All right.
Go wash up properly
And get some sleep, okay?
Maybe when you wake up tomorrow,
You won't feel as sad.
But I didn't bring any toiletries.
What should I do?
It's fine. Use mine.
I'll go to the convenience store nearby
And buy you some more.
Okay.
Good girl.
Hey, Eddie.
I just finished looking at your draft.
Looks pretty good.
I might want to make some minor changes
Towards the coloring.
Don't worry.
I've sent it
To your email.
And
Take a look when you can.
[Crazy Fire! Destroy all!]
Go.
Hello, how can I help you?
[Crazy Fire! Destroy all!]
Where did you get this game console?
There used to be an arcade nearby.
It closed down.
Our boss has always liked
This kind of retro stuff;
He thought it'd be a waste to throw it away,
So he bought it back as decoration.
The one at the market?
Yes.
Let me take a look.
Sure.
Thanks.
[Game Leaderboard]
Just because you don't need to study
Doesn't mean other people don't have to.
I'm preparing to retake the exam.
For you.
It really looks like you.
Kobito is too ugly.
-What are you doing? -It doesn't look like me at all.
How can you say you're ugly?
I don't allow you to talk about yourself like that.
Look at it; is it like looking in a mirror?
I'm Zhou Wan.
What?
It's for you. Take it.
Can I pet you?
You smell so good.
Did you just take a bath?
♪ Infinite descent ♪
What's your name?
Can you shake hands?
Shake hands.
♪ Gradually sinking ♪
You can shake hands!
♪ The bubbles I once held tightly ♪
♪ Cannot hold onto this flicker ♪
Can we take a photo together?
Can we?
♪ Nothing to do with love or fate ♪
Can I take a photo with you?
♪ Ending without a cause ♪
♪ The unease once touched ♪
You are so cute.
♪ Smooths out the wrinkles of the heart ♪
♪ Even if you remove the rooted mask ♪
♪ Let joy and sorrow be laid bare ♪
I used to have a dog too.
♪ Still cannot hide the shadow behind ♪
It should be about your age now.
♪ Hysterical collapse ♪
I don't know if it's as pretty
Or as strong as you.
♪ If meeting means destined separation ♪
♪ Then it is an addiction life cannot bear ♪
Shake hands.
So smart.
♪ Let me fail, or bloom until the flower fades ♪
You have a dog too?
♪ That's all it is ♪
♪ When, where, has it ever appeared ♪
♪ A world without ignorance, without desire, without end ♪
Its name is Zhou Xiaoliu.
♪ I come, I go, I stay, yet I am not myself ♪
I raised it
With a girl
I once loved very much.
♪ As if in madness, as if in a dream, arriving as promised ♪
But she abandoned it later.
I even told her—
Don't let me
Ever see you again in this lifetime,
Or I'll make you
Cry and beg me.
Do you think she would
Still dare face me?
♪ Infinite descent ♪
♪ Gradually sinking ♪
♪ The bubbles I once held tightly ♪
♪ Cannot hold onto this flicker ♪
♪ Nothing to do with love or fate ♪
♪ Ending without a cause ♪
♪ The unease once touched ♪
♪ Smooths out the wrinkles of the heart ♪
Long time no see.
♪ Even if you remove the rooted mask ♪
I'm fine.
♪ Let joy and sorrow be laid bare ♪
I didn't cry.
♪ Still cannot hide the shadow behind ♪
I was just passing by.
♪ Hysterical collapse ♪
I have forgotten many things.
You should forget them soon too.
♪ If meeting means destined separation ♪
♪ Then it is an addiction life cannot bear ♪
♪ Let me fail, or bloom until the flower fades ♪
♪ That's all it is ♪
♪ When, where, has it ever appeared ♪
♪ A world without ignorance, without desire, without end ♪
♪ I come, I go, I stay, yet I am not myself ♪
♪ As if in madness, as if in a dream, arriving as promised ♪
♪ Dim gray ♪
♪ Everything feels this way ♪
♪ Another deserted place ♪
♪ Swallowed by storm ♪
♪ Hold my breath ♪
♪ Run away from this mess ♪
♪ Look to the light instead ♪
♪ It's time to forget ♪
♪ Broken pieces of our memories ♪
♪ Stolen frozen ♪
♪ In the river ♪
♪ They're lost in a song ♪
♪ Taken from where they belong ♪
♪ Somewhere in this cold and bottomless pit ♪
♪ Something lingers ♪
♪ Hiding under a stitch ♪
♪ I thought I lost your remnant ♪
♪ But it's ♪
Did an earthquake really happen
After I fell asleep yesterday?
Did you know all along
That Zhou Wan returned to Pingchuan?
I only heard about it later from Gu Meng.
And back then
When you went abroad like that
Things are finally fine now, right?
Everyone is doing pretty well.
I didn't think there was a need to bring it up.
Smells so good.
Who's cooking?
Long time no see!
Did you miss me?
I did.
I couldn't tell at all.
You were beating around the bush
On the phone the other day.
So what made you think of inviting me
To dinner today—
And even cooking yourself?
So thoughtful.
Why did you lie to me?
About Zhou Wan.
So this was an ambush banquet after all.
You brought me here to interrogate me.
If I hadn't told you
That Zhou Wan had completely disappeared from Pingchuan,
Would you have been able to leave the country in peace?
If I had told you
She came back to Pingchuan after graduation,
Would you have been able to
Stay abroad in peace?
You know the situation with Lan Yue
Very well.
Personally, of course
I want you to stay in the country.
Was I hiding it
Just for myself?
I know you care about me.
Over all these years,
Only you and Grandpa have treated me well.
I know that.
Since you know, then don't look back anymore.
You're not
That kid anymore.
Zhou Wan isn't the same Zhou Wan
From 10 years ago either.
Getting tangled up again
Won't do any good.
I know that too.
But in the past couple of days
I figured something out.
I never really
Let it go
All these years.
I might as well keep getting tangled up
Until I finally get sick of it.
Alright, after all these years,
You haven't changed a bit.
Take a look at this first.
Our company's
Biggest current project
Is Phase II of the resort.
The pitch meeting is next week.
Five subsidiaries
Are participating in the first round.
Lu Zhongyue and I
Each have our preferred candidates.
But if
The winner turns out to be his side,
Then it'll be difficult for me
To compete for
The Phase II project lead.
This document in your hands
Is something I managed to get.
It's
The planning team list
Of our biggest competitor,
Boxing Construction.
This proposal is not bad.
What does this have to do with me?
I'm not interested in Lan Yue's affairs.
Keep reading.
Keep reading?
[Zhou Wan—Boxing Construction —core member, proposal presenter]
Does it really have nothing to do with you?